capital = 608 # Nanjing

oob = "ABS_1936"

set_war_support = 0.5 set_stability = 1
set_research_slots = 6
set_convoys = 500
set_cosmetic_tag = Yuan
add_ideas = {
	war_economy
}

if = {
	add_to_tech_sharing_group = comintern_research
}

#add_offsite_building = { type = industrial_complex level = 45 }	
#add_offsite_building = { type = arms_factory level = 10 }

recruit_character = CHI_chiang_kaishek
recruit_character = CHI_zhang_guotao
recruit_character = CHI_wang_jingwei
recruit_character = CHI_weng_wenhao
recruit_character = CHI_tu_yuming
recruit_character = CHI_hsueh_yueh
recruit_character = CHI_tai_anlan
recruit_character = CHI_wang_yaowu
recruit_character = CHI_sun_li_jen
recruit_character = CHI_hu_zongnan
recruit_character = CHI_gu_zhutong
recruit_character = CHI_wei_lihuang
#recruit_character = CHI_fu_zuoyi
#recruit_character = CHI_zhang_xueliang
recruit_character = CHI_fang_zeyi
recruit_character = CHI_zhu_de
recruit_character = CHI_chen_cheng
recruit_character = CHI_li_zongren
recruit_character = CHI_bo_yibo
recruit_character = CHI_huang_shen
recruit_character = CHI_chen_jitang
recruit_character = CHI_wang_shuming
recruit_character = CHI_bai_chongxi
recruit_character = CHI_zhou_zhirou
recruit_character = CHI_xiao_yisu
recruit_character = CHI_chen_shaokuan
recruit_character = CHI_xiao_jinguang
recruit_character = CHI_yu_hanmou
recruit_character = CHI_he_yingqin
recruit_character = CHI_gao_zhihang
recruit_character = CHI_h_h_kung
recruit_character = CHI_chen_guofu
recruit_character = CHI_chiang_ching_kuo
recruit_character = CHI_chen_yi
recruit_character = CHI_soong_mei_ling
recruit_character = CHI_random_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = CHI_lin_sen

#IB_add_general
recruit_character = Haruka_Amami
recruit_character = Ami_Futami
recruit_character = Mami_Futami
recruit_character = Miki_Hoshii
recruit_character = Chihaya_Kisaragi
recruit_character = Takane_Shijou
recruit_character = Azusa_Miura
recruit_character = Yayoi_Takatsuki
recruit_character = Makoto_Kikuchi
recruit_character = CHI_Hibiki_Ganaha
recruit_character = Yukiho_Hagiwara
recruit_character = Ritsuko_Akizuki
recruit_character = Anna_Mochizuki
recruit_character = Julia
recruit_character = Shizuka_Mogami
recruit_character = Nanao_Yuriko


set_technology = {
	support_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	marines  = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1

	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1

	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1

	engine_tech_1 = 1
	armor_tech_1 = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1

	smoke_generator = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	improved_airplane_launcher = 1

	basic_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	mtg_transport = 1

	iw_small_airframe = 1
	iw_medium_airframe = 1
	iw_large_airframe = 1

	early_bombs = 1
	photo_reconnaisance = 1
	aa_lmg = 1
	engines_1 = 1

	basic_machine_tools = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1

    basic_train = 1
}



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 0
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 100
}

