capital = 126

oob = "ABS_1936"

set_war_support = 0.5 set_stability = 1
set_research_slots = 6
set_convoys = 500

add_ideas = { war_economy }
set_cosmetic_tag = { GBR_cosmetic_add }

if = { add_to_tech_sharing_group = axis_research }

#add_offsite_building = { type = industrial_complex level = 54 }	
#add_offsite_building = { type = arms_factory level = 10 }

#ENG
recruit_character = ENG_winston_churchill
recruit_character = ENG_oswald_mosley
recruit_character = ENG_stanley_baldwin
recruit_character = ENG_harry_pollitt
recruit_character = ENG_alan_brooke
recruit_character = ENG_bernard_montgomery
recruit_character = ENG_claude_auchinleck
recruit_character = ENG_neil_ritchie
recruit_character = ENG_alan_cunningham
recruit_character = ENG_william_slim
recruit_character = ENG_richard_oconnor
recruit_character = ENG_william_platt
recruit_character = ENG_george_giffard
recruit_character = ENG_harold_alexander
recruit_character = ENG_jackie_smyth
recruit_character = ENG_thomas_jacomb_hutton
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_percival
recruit_character = ENG_merton_beckwithsmith
recruit_character = ENG_henry_pownall
recruit_character = ENG_john_vereker
recruit_character = ENG_henry_wilson
recruit_character = ENG_william_gott
recruit_character = ENG_jock_campbell
recruit_character = ENG_oliver_leese
recruit_character = ENG_miles_dempsey
recruit_character = ENG_brian_horrocks
recruit_character = ENG_archibald_wavell
recruit_character = ENG_james_fownes_somerville
recruit_character = ENG_henry_harwood
recruit_character = ENG_andrew_cunningham
recruit_character = ENG_bruce_fraser
recruit_character = ENG_john_tovey
recruit_character = ENG_bernard_rawlings
recruit_character = ENG_bertram_home_ramsay
recruit_character = ENG_charles_forbes
recruit_character = ENG_algernon_willis
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_power
recruit_character = ENG_horatio_dundas
recruit_character = ENG_edmund_ironside
recruit_character = ENG_david_stirling
recruit_character = ENG_james_somerville
recruit_character = ENG_kenneth_anderson
recruit_character = ENG_louis_mountbatten
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_harris
recruit_character = ENG_james_chadwick
recruit_character = ENG_jfc_fuller
recruit_character = ENG_frank_whittle
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_15
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_14
recruit_character = ENG_ernle_chatfield
recruit_character = ENG_trafford_leigh_mallory
recruit_character = ENG_max_horton
recruit_character = ENG_tom_phillips
recruit_character = ENG_hugh_dowding
recruit_character = ENG_charles_portal
recruit_character = ENG_dudley_pound
recruit_character = ENG_raymond_briggs
recruit_character = ENG_frederick_bowhill
recruit_character = ENG_cyril_newall
recruit_character = ENG_sholto_douglas
recruit_character = ENG_edward_ellington

recruit_character = ENG_john_beckett
recruit_character = ENG_corgis_1
recruit_character = ENG_corgis_2
recruit_character = ENG_corgis_3
recruit_character = ENG_alan_turing
recruit_character = ENG_clement_attlee
recruit_character = ENG_ernest_bevin
recruit_character = ENG_leslie_hore_belisha
recruit_character = ENG_george_orwell
recruit_character = ENG_nevile_henderson
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_8
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_9
recruit_character = ENG_david_lloyd_george
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_1
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_2
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_3
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_4
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_5
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_6
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_7
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_13
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_12
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_11
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_10
recruit_character = ENG_mary_sophia_allen
recruit_character = ENG_philip_kerr
recruit_character = ENG_sylvia_pankhurst
recruit_character = ENG_stewart_menzies
recruit_character = ENG_maxwell_aitken
recruit_character = ENG_thomas_moore

set_technology = {
	support_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	marines  = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1

	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1

	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1

	engine_tech_1 = 1
	armor_tech_1 = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1

	smoke_generator = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	improved_airplane_launcher = 1

	basic_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	mtg_transport = 1

	iw_small_airframe = 1
	iw_medium_airframe = 1
	iw_large_airframe = 1

	early_bombs = 1
	photo_reconnaisance = 1
	aa_lmg = 1
	engines_1 = 1

	basic_machine_tools = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1

    basic_train = 1
}



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.11.14"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 97
	fascism = 2
	communism = 1
	neutrality = 0
}
