capital = 1027

oob = "ABS_1936"

set_war_support = 0.5 set_stability = 1
set_research_slots = 6
set_convoys = 500

add_ideas = { war_economy }

if = { add_to_tech_sharing_group = axis_research }

#add_offsite_building = { type = industrial_complex level = 54 }	
#add_offsite_building = { type = arms_factory level = 10 }

recruit_character = FRA_philippe_petain
#recruit_character = FRA_maurice_thorez
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_laval
recruit_character = FRA_edouard_daladier
recruit_character = FRA_jean_de_lattre_de_tassigny
recruit_character = FRA_alphonse_juin
recruit_character = FRA_maurice_gamelin
recruit_character = FRA_maxime_weygand
recruit_character = FRA_alphonse_georges
recruit_character = FRA_antoinemariebenoit_besson
recruit_character = FRA_charles_de_gaulle
recruit_character = FRA_philippe_leclerc
recruit_character = FRA_henri_giraud
recruit_character = FRA_charles_huntziger
recruit_character = FRA_gastonhenri_billotte
recruit_character = FRA_henry_freydenberg
recruit_character = FRA_rene_olry
recruit_character = FRA_francois_darlan
recruit_character = FRA_jeanmarie_charles_abrial
recruit_character = FRA_jeanpierre_esteva
recruit_character = FRA_jean_de_laborde
recruit_character = FRA_denis_guillaumat
recruit_character = FRA_philippe_fequant
recruit_character = FRA_victor_denain
recruit_character = FRA_jean_marie_abrial
recruit_character = FRA_jean_decoux
recruit_character = FRA_jean_marie_bergeret
recruit_character = FRA_marcel_gensoul
recruit_character = FRA_martial_valin
recruit_character = FRA_rene_emile_godfroy
recruit_character = FRA_joseph_vuillemin
recruit_character = FRA_henri_marie_auguste_bineau
recruit_character = FRA_louis_kahn
recruit_character = FRA_robert_odic
recruit_character = FRA_jean_francois_jannekeyn
recruit_character = FRA_emile_muselier
recruit_character = FRA_frederic_irene_joliot_curie
recruit_character = FRA_alfred_heurtaux
recruit_character = FRA_rene_prioux
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_alombert_goget
recruit_character = FRA_gaston_henry_haye
recruit_character = FRA_georges_bonnet
#recruit_character = FRA_philippe_henriot
recruit_character = FRA_paul_reynaud
#recruit_character = FRA_pierre_pucheu
recruit_character = FRA_charles_tillon
#recruit_character = FRA_vincent_auriol
#recruit_character = FRA_rene_massigli
#recruit_character = FRA_charles_maurras
recruit_character = FRA_zivony_peshkov
recruit_character = FRA_roger_salengro
#recruit_character = FRA_leon_blum
recruit_character = FRA_felix_gouin
recruit_character = FRA_paul_baudouin
#recruit_character = FRA_maurice_gauche
recruit_character = FRA_jacques_duclos
recruit_character = FRA_marcel_bucard

set_technology = {
	support_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	marines  = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1

	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1

	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1

	engine_tech_1 = 1
	armor_tech_1 = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1

	smoke_generator = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	improved_airplane_launcher = 1

	basic_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	mtg_transport = 1

	iw_small_airframe = 1
	iw_medium_airframe = 1
	iw_large_airframe = 1

	early_bombs = 1
	photo_reconnaisance = 1
	aa_lmg = 1
	engines_1 = 1

	basic_machine_tools = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1

    basic_train = 1
}


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1932.5.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 100
	fascism = 0
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 0
}
