capital = 1057

oob = "ABS_1936"

set_war_support = 0.5 set_stability = 1
set_research_slots = 6
set_convoys = 500



add_ideas = { war_economy }
set_cosmetic_tag = HRE

#add_offsite_building = { type = industrial_complex level = 54 }	
#add_offsite_building = { type = arms_factory level = 10 }

if = { add_to_tech_sharing_group = axis_research }

recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_pieck
recruit_character = GER_konrad_adenauer
recruit_character = GER_adolf_hitler
recruit_character = GER_albert_kesselring
recruit_character = GER_alfred_jodl
recruit_character = GER_alfred_saalwachter
recruit_character = GER_erhard_milch
recruit_character = GER_erich_bey
recruit_character = GER_erich_raeder
recruit_character = GER_erich_von_manstein
recruit_character = GER_ernst_udet
recruit_character = GER_ernsteberhard_hell
recruit_character = GER_erwin_rommel
recruit_character = GER_erwin_von_witzleben
recruit_character = GER_ewald_von_kleist
recruit_character = GER_fedor_von_bock
recruit_character = GER_felix_steiner
recruit_character = GER_ferdinand_schorner
recruit_character = GER_franz_halder
recruit_character = GER_friedrich_paulus
recruit_character = GER_friedrich_schulz
recruit_character = GER_georg_von_kuchler
recruit_character = GER_georghans_reinhardt
recruit_character = GER_gerd_von_rundstedt
recruit_character = GER_hermann_goring
recruit_character = GER_gotthard_heinrici
recruit_character = GER_gunther_lutjens
recruit_character = GER_gunther_von_kluge
recruit_character = GER_hasso_von_manteuffel
recruit_character = GER_heinz_guderian
recruit_character = GER_heisenberg
recruit_character = GER_hermann_boehm
recruit_character = GER_hermann_hoth
recruit_character = GER_hugo_sperrle
recruit_character = GER_johannes_blaskowitz
recruit_character = GER_karl_donitz
recruit_character = GER_kurt_student
recruit_character = GER_ludwig_beck
recruit_character = GER_maximilian_von_weichs
recruit_character = GER_otto_ciliax
recruit_character = GER_paul_hausser
recruit_character = GER_ritter_von_greim
recruit_character = GER_sepp_dietrich
recruit_character = GER_viktor_schutze
recruit_character = GER_von_braun
recruit_character = GER_walter_kruger
recruit_character = GER_walter_model
recruit_character = GER_walther_von_brauchitsch
recruit_character = GER_walther_wever
recruit_character = GER_werner_von_fritsch
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_keitel
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_list
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_marschall

recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_ritter_von_leeb
recruit_character = GER_wolfram_von_richthofen

recruit_character = GER_heinrich_himmler
recruit_character = GER_walther_funk
recruit_character = GER_hjalmar_schacht
recruit_character = GER_julius_leber
recruit_character = GER_albert_speer
#recruit_character = GER_hans_oster
#recruit_character = GER_theodor_heuss
recruit_character = GER_fritz_todt
recruit_character = GER_joachim_von_ribbentrop
recruit_character = GER_rudolf_hess
recruit_character = GER_martin_bormann
#recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_canaris
recruit_character = GER_joseph_goebbels
recruit_character = GER_konstantin_von_neurath
#recruit_character = GER_alfred_hugenberg
recruit_character = GER_kurt_schumacher

set_technology = {
	support_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	marines  = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1

	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1

	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1

	engine_tech_1 = 1
	armor_tech_1 = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1

	smoke_generator = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	improved_airplane_launcher = 1

	basic_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	mtg_transport = 1

	iw_small_airframe = 1
	iw_medium_airframe = 1
	iw_large_airframe = 1

	early_bombs = 1
	photo_reconnaisance = 1
	aa_lmg = 1
	engines_1 = 1

	basic_machine_tools = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1

    basic_train = 1
}



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 100
	communism = 0
}