capital = 2

oob = "ABS_1936"

set_war_support = 0.5 set_stability = 1
set_research_slots = 6
set_convoys = 500
set_cosmetic_tag = { WEST_SPQR_UNIFIED }

add_ideas = {
	war_economy
}

if = {
	add_to_tech_sharing_group = axis_research
}

#add_offsite_building = { type = industrial_complex level = 54 }	
#add_offsite_building = { type = arms_factory level = 10 }

recruit_character = ITA_palmiro_togliatti
recruit_character = ITA_victor_emmanuel_iii
recruit_character = ITA_ferruccio_parri
recruit_character = ITA_benito_mussolini
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_badoglio
recruit_character = ITA_emilio_de_bono
recruit_character = ITA_ugo_cavallero
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_messe
recruit_character = ITA_sebastiano_visconti_prasca
recruit_character = ITA_ubaldo_soddu
recruit_character = ITA_italo_balbo
recruit_character = ITA_rodolfo_graziani
recruit_character = ITA_inigo_campioni
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_da_zara
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_fioravanzo
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_bergamini
recruit_character = ITA_angelo_iachino
recruit_character = ITA_alfredo_guzzoni
recruit_character = ITA_renato_sandalli
recruit_character = ITA_guiseppe_fioravanzo
recruit_character = ITA_francesco_pricolo
recruit_character = ITA_silvio_scaroni
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_ambrosio
recruit_character = ITA_arturo_riccardi
recruit_character = ITA_mario_roatta
recruit_character = ITA_marziale_cerutti
recruit_character = ITA_ettore_muti
recruit_character = ITA_gaetano_crocco
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_mascherpa
recruit_character = ITA_domenico_cavagnari
recruit_character = ITA_amedeo_mecozzi
recruit_character = ITA_rino_corso_fougier
recruit_character = ITA_giacomo_acerbo
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_marinelli
recruit_character = ITA_serafino_mazzolini
recruit_character = ITA_roberto_farinacci
recruit_character = ITA_ivanoe_bonomi
recruit_character = ITA_junio_valerio_borghese
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_einaudi
recruit_character = ITA_amadeo_bordiga
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_thaon_di_revel
recruit_character = ITA_dino_grandi
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_scorza
recruit_character = ITA_gian_galeazzo_ciano

#IB_add_general
recruit_character = Josip_Broz_Tito
recruit_character = Milan_Nedić
recruit_character = Italo_Gariboldi
recruit_character = ITA_M.C.L._Keyaerts
recruit_character = ITA_Miho_Nishizumi
recruit_character = ITA_Maho_Nishizumi
recruit_character = ITA_Kay
recruit_character = ITA_Darjeeling

set_technology = {
	support_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	marines  = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1

	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1

	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1

	engine_tech_1 = 1
	armor_tech_1 = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1

	smoke_generator = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	improved_airplane_launcher = 1

	basic_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	mtg_transport = 1

	iw_small_airframe = 1
	iw_medium_airframe = 1
	iw_large_airframe = 1

	early_bombs = 1
	photo_reconnaisance = 1
	aa_lmg = 1
	engines_1 = 1

	basic_machine_tools = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1

    basic_train = 1
}


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1934.3.26"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 22
	fascism = 76
	communism = 2
	neutrality = 0
}

