capital = 328

oob = "ABS_1936"

set_war_support = 0.5 set_stability = 1
set_research_slots = 6
set_convoys = 500

add_ideas = {
	war_economy
}

if = {
	add_to_tech_sharing_group = comintern_research
}

#add_offsite_building = { type = industrial_complex level = 45 }	
#add_offsite_building = { type = arms_factory level = 10 }


#MAN
recruit_character = MAN_aisin_gioro_puyi
recruit_character = MAN_zhao_shangzhi
recruit_character = MAN_megata_toshiro
recruit_character = MAN_songgotu_zhanshan
recruit_character = MAN_zhang_haipeng
recruit_character = MAN_zhang_jinghui
recruit_character = MAN_aisin_gioro_xiqia
recruit_character = MAN_yoshiko_kawashima
recruit_character = MAN_zhao_shangzhi
recruit_character = MAN_changlin_linge
recruit_character = MAN_kyoiji_tomonaga
recruit_character = MAN_yonimitsu_kasahara
recruit_character = MAN_deng_linge
recruit_character = MAN_hung_zhehuang
recruit_character = MAN_nakajima_kesago
recruit_character = MAN_yin_zuoqian
recruit_character = MAN_hesehn_tiemei
recruit_character = MAN_xian_yuan
recruit_character = MAN_guan_xingde

recruit_character = MAN_hibiki
recruit_character = MAN_haruka
recruit_character = MAN_ami

set_technology = {
	support_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	marines  = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1

	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1

	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1

	engine_tech_1 = 1
	armor_tech_1 = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1

	smoke_generator = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	improved_airplane_launcher = 1

	basic_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	mtg_transport = 1

	iw_small_airframe = 1
	iw_medium_airframe = 1
	iw_large_airframe = 1

	early_bombs = 1
	photo_reconnaisance = 1
	aa_lmg = 1
	engines_1 = 1

	basic_machine_tools = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1

    basic_train = 1
}



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	fascism = 100
}
