capital = 141

oob = "ABS_1936"

set_war_support = 0.5 set_stability = 1
set_research_slots = 6
set_convoys = 500

add_ideas = { war_economy }

if = { add_to_tech_sharing_group = axis_research }

#add_offsite_building = { type = industrial_complex level = 54 }	
#add_offsite_building = { type = arms_factory level = 10 }


#SWE
recruit_character = SWE_per_albin_hansson
recruit_character = SWE_sven_olov_lindholm
recruit_character = SWE_sven_linderot
recruit_character = SWE_axel_pehrssonbramstorp
recruit_character = SWE_folke_hogberg
recruit_character = SWE_erik_af_edholm
recruit_character = SWE_claes_lindstrom
recruit_character = SWE_per_sylvan
recruit_character = SWE_gosta_ehrensvard
recruit_character = SWE_torsten_friis
recruit_character = SWE_helge_stromback
recruit_character = SWE_helge_jung
recruit_character = SWE_erik_palmstierna
recruit_character = FIN_torsti_verkkola
recruit_character = SWE_olof_thornell
recruit_character = SWE_bengt_nordenskiold
recruit_character = SWE_ivar_holmquist
recruit_character = SWE_fabian_tamm
recruit_character = SWE_charles_de_champs
recruit_character = SWE_axel_rappe
recruit_character = SWE_oscar_nygren
recruit_character = SWE_axel_ljungdahl
recruit_character = SWE_archibald_douglas
recruit_character = SWE_ernst_wigforss
recruit_character = SWE_thorwald_bergquist
recruit_character = SWE_osten_unden
recruit_character = SWE_per_edvin_skold
recruit_character = SWE_karl_kilbom

#IB_add_general
recruit_character = Mannerheim
recruit_character = Paavo_Talvela
recruit_character = Lennart_Oesch
recruit_character = Aaro_Olavi_Pajari
recruit_character = A.E_Martola
recruit_character = Erkki_Raappana
recruit_character = Albert_Puroma
recruit_character = Hjalmar_Fridolf_Siilasvuo
recruit_character = Pietari_Autti
recruit_character = Elias_Corneliussen
recruit_character = Carl_Gustav_Fleischer
recruit_character = Claes_Lindstrom
recruit_character = Erik_af_Edholm
recruit_character = Johannes_Theodorus_Furstner

set_technology = {
	support_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	marines  = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1

	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1

	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1

	engine_tech_1 = 1
	armor_tech_1 = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1

	smoke_generator = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	improved_airplane_launcher = 1

	basic_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	mtg_transport = 1

	iw_small_airframe = 1
	iw_medium_airframe = 1
	iw_large_airframe = 1

	early_bombs = 1
	photo_reconnaisance = 1
	aa_lmg = 1
	engines_1 = 1

	basic_machine_tools = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1

    basic_train = 1
}



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1932.9.18"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 75
	neutrality = 14
	communism = 8
	fascism = 3
}