capital = 291

oob = "ABS_1936"

set_war_support = 0.5 set_stability = 1
set_research_slots = 6
set_convoys = 500

add_ideas = {
	war_economy
}
set_cosmetic_tag = { Ilkhanate }
if = {
	add_to_tech_sharing_group = comintern_research
}

#add_offsite_building = { type = industrial_complex level = 45 }	
#add_offsite_building = { type = arms_factory level = 10 }

#TUR
recruit_character = TUR_mustafa_kemal_ataturk
recruit_character = TUR_sefik_husnu
recruit_character = TUR_celal_bayar
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_recep_peker
recruit_character = TUR_fevzi_cakmak
recruit_character = TUR_fahrettin_altay
recruit_character = TUR_kazim_orbay
recruit_character = TUR_cemil_cahit_toydemir
recruit_character = TUR_izzettin_chalishlar
recruit_character = TUR_kazim_karabekir
recruit_character = TUR_mustafa_muglali
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_salih_omurtak
recruit_character = TUR_hayrullah_fisek
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_nuri_yamut
recruit_character = TUR_sadik_altincan
recruit_character = TUR_sukru_okan
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_ali_ulgen
recruit_character = TUR_abdurrahman_gurman
recruit_character = TUR_fakhri_pasha
recruit_character = TUR_refet_bele
recruit_character = TUR_zeki_dogan
recruit_character = TUR_sabiha_gokcen
recruit_character = TUR_ali_fuat_cebesoy
recruit_character = TUR_vecihi_hurkus
recruit_character = TUR_ali_ihsan_sabis
recruit_character = TUR_rauf_orbay
recruit_character = TUR_izzettin_calislar
recruit_character = TUR_ahmet_ali_celikten
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_fahri_engin
recruit_character = TUR_muzaffer_goksenin
recruit_character = TUR_halil_kut
recruit_character = TUR_mumtaz_okmen
recruit_character = TUR_riza_nur
recruit_character = TUR_nejdet_sancar
recruit_character = TUR_kazim_ozalp
recruit_character = TUR_sukru_saracoglu_prime_minister
recruit_character = TUR_adnan_menderes
recruit_character = TUR_nuri_demirag_prime_minister
recruit_character = TUR_hasan_saka
recruit_character = TUR_hilmi_uran
recruit_character = TUR_fethi_okyar
recruit_character = TUR_sukru_saracoglu
recruit_character = TUR_halide_edib_adivar
recruit_character = TUR_sevket_sureyya_aydemir
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_emin_yurdakul
recruit_character = TUR_nuri_demirag
recruit_character = TUR_nuri_killigil
recruit_character = TUR_said_i_nursi
recruit_character = TUR_ismet_inonu
recruit_character = TUR_nihal_atsiz
recruit_character = TUR_zeki_velidi_togan
recruit_character = TUR_nazim_hikmet
recruit_character = TUR_elyesa_bazna
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_gunaltay
recruit_character = TUR_ahmet_fevzi_pasha
recruit_character = TUR_refet_pasha
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_esat_pasha
recruit_character = TUR_ali_ihsan_sabis
recruit_character = TUR_kazim_orbay
recruit_character = TUR_erkan_gataly
recruit_character = TUR_ali_orlungat
recruit_character = TUR_nazmi_solok
recruit_character = GER_hans_von_luck
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_ritter_von_thoma
recruit_character = ITA_ferdinando_umberto_filippo_adalberto

set_technology = {
	support_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	marines  = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1

	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1

	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1

	engine_tech_1 = 1
	armor_tech_1 = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1

	smoke_generator = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	improved_airplane_launcher = 1

	basic_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	mtg_transport = 1

	iw_small_airframe = 1
	iw_medium_airframe = 1
	iw_large_airframe = 1

	early_bombs = 1
	photo_reconnaisance = 1
	aa_lmg = 1
	engines_1 = 1

	basic_machine_tools = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1

    basic_train = 1
}



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.2.8"
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 6
	neutrality = 94
}