capital = 784

oob = "ABS_1936"

set_war_support = 0.5 set_stability = 1
set_research_slots = 6
set_convoys = 1500

add_ideas = {
	war_economy
}

if = {
	add_to_tech_sharing_group = comintern_research
}

#add_offsite_building = { type = industrial_complex level = 45 }	
#add_offsite_building = { type = arms_factory level = 10 }


#USA
recruit_character = USA_earl_browder
recruit_character = USA_william_dudley_pelley
recruit_character = USA_franklin_delano_roosevelt
recruit_character = USA_george_s_patton
recruit_character = USA_omar_bradley
recruit_character = USA_dwight_d_eisenhower
recruit_character = USA_geoffrey_keyes
recruit_character = USA_lucian_truscott
recruit_character = USA_mark_clark
recruit_character = USA_douglas_macarthur
recruit_character = USA_walter_krueger
recruit_character = USA_lloyd_fredendall
recruit_character = USA_leslie_mcnair
recruit_character = USA_jonathan_wainwright
recruit_character = USA_russell_hartle
recruit_character = USA_leonard_gerow
recruit_character = USA_edward_brooks
recruit_character = USA_clarence_huebner
recruit_character = USA_alexander_patch
recruit_character = USA_william_simpson
recruit_character = USA_j_lawton_collins
recruit_character = USA_courtney_hodges
recruit_character = USA_joseph_stilwell
recruit_character = USA_oscar_griswold
recruit_character = USA_maurice_rose
recruit_character = USA_alexander_vandegrift
recruit_character = USA_ernest_king
recruit_character = USA_chester_w_nimitz
recruit_character = USA_william_halsey_jr
recruit_character = USA_frank_jack_fletcher
recruit_character = USA_raymond_a_spruance
recruit_character = USA_harold_rainsford_stark
recruit_character = USA_arleigh_burke
recruit_character = USA_charles_m_cooke_jr
recruit_character = USA_carnot_wheeler
recruit_character = USA_robert_goddard
recruit_character = USA_raymond_spruance
recruit_character = USA_robert_oppenheimer
recruit_character = USA_curtis_lemay
recruit_character = USA_thomas_kinkaid
recruit_character = USA_henry_arnold
recruit_character = USA_dewitt_clinton_ramsey
recruit_character = USA_harold_mcclelland
recruit_character = USA_charles_lindbergh
recruit_character = USA_george_kenney
recruit_character = USA_william_halsey
recruit_character = USA_john_cannon
recruit_character = USA_george_marshall
recruit_character = USA_carl_spaatz
recruit_character = USA_marc_mitscher
recruit_character = USA_jimmy_doolittle
recruit_character = USA_claire_lee_chennault
recruit_character = USA_john_winant
recruit_character = USA_henry_morgenthau
recruit_character = USA_william_donovan
recruit_character = USA_whittaker_chambers
recruit_character = USA_robert_taft
recruit_character = USA_donald_nelson
recruit_character = USA_joseph_mccarthy
recruit_character = USA_cordell_hull
recruit_character = USA_harold_ickes
recruit_character = USA_william_regnery
recruit_character = USA_joseph_patterson
recruit_character = USA_henry_stimson
recruit_character = USA_victor_perlo
recruit_character = USA_charles_coughlin
recruit_character = USA_harry_white
recruit_character = USA_earl_browder
recruit_character = USA_william_dudley_pelley
recruit_character = USA_franklin_delano_roosevelt
recruit_character = USA_george_s_patton
recruit_character = USA_omar_bradley
recruit_character = USA_dwight_d_eisenhower
recruit_character = USA_geoffrey_keyes
recruit_character = USA_lucian_truscott
recruit_character = USA_mark_clark
recruit_character = USA_douglas_macarthur
recruit_character = USA_walter_krueger
recruit_character = USA_lloyd_fredendall
recruit_character = USA_leslie_mcnair
recruit_character = USA_jonathan_wainwright
recruit_character = USA_russell_hartle
recruit_character = USA_leonard_gerow
recruit_character = USA_edward_brooks
recruit_character = USA_clarence_huebner
recruit_character = USA_alexander_patch
recruit_character = USA_william_simpson
recruit_character = USA_j_lawton_collins
recruit_character = USA_courtney_hodges
recruit_character = USA_joseph_stilwell
recruit_character = USA_oscar_griswold
recruit_character = USA_maurice_rose
recruit_character = USA_alexander_vandegrift
recruit_character = USA_ernest_king
recruit_character = USA_chester_w_nimitz
recruit_character = USA_william_halsey_jr
recruit_character = USA_frank_jack_fletcher
recruit_character = USA_raymond_a_spruance
recruit_character = USA_harold_rainsford_stark
recruit_character = USA_arleigh_burke
recruit_character = USA_charles_m_cooke_jr
recruit_character = USA_carnot_wheeler
recruit_character = USA_robert_goddard
recruit_character = USA_raymond_spruance
recruit_character = USA_robert_oppenheimer
recruit_character = USA_curtis_lemay
recruit_character = USA_thomas_kinkaid
recruit_character = USA_henry_arnold
recruit_character = USA_dewitt_clinton_ramsey
recruit_character = USA_harold_mcclelland
recruit_character = USA_charles_lindbergh
recruit_character = USA_george_kenney
recruit_character = USA_william_halsey
recruit_character = USA_john_cannon
recruit_character = USA_george_marshall
recruit_character = USA_carl_spaatz
recruit_character = USA_marc_mitscher
recruit_character = USA_jimmy_doolittle
recruit_character = USA_claire_lee_chennault
recruit_character = USA_john_winant
recruit_character = USA_henry_morgenthau
recruit_character = USA_william_donovan
recruit_character = USA_whittaker_chambers
recruit_character = USA_robert_taft
recruit_character = USA_donald_nelson
recruit_character = USA_joseph_mccarthy
recruit_character = USA_cordell_hull
recruit_character = USA_harold_ickes
recruit_character = USA_william_regnery
recruit_character = USA_joseph_patterson
recruit_character = USA_henry_stimson
recruit_character = USA_victor_perlo
recruit_character = USA_charles_coughlin

set_technology = {
	support_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	marines  = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1

	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1

	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1

	engine_tech_1 = 1
	armor_tech_1 = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1

	smoke_generator = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	improved_airplane_launcher = 1

	basic_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	mtg_transport = 1

	iw_small_airframe = 1
	iw_medium_airframe = 1
	iw_large_airframe = 1

	early_bombs = 1
	photo_reconnaisance = 1
	aa_lmg = 1
	engines_1 = 1

	basic_machine_tools = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1

    basic_train = 1
}



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1932.11.8"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 99
	communism = 1
}